chore(docs): update naming to match new branding initiative (#83)
commercetools/commercetools-sdk-php-v2: lib/commercetools-api/docs/RequestBuilder.md

Creates an order from a Cart from a specific Store.
When using this endpoint the orders's store field is always set to the store specified in the path parameter.

> The cart must have a shipping address set before creating an order. When using Composable Commerce TaxMode,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cart must have a shipping address set before creating an order. When using the Platform TaxMode,
```

Creates an order from a Cart.
The cart must have a shipping address set before creating an order.

> When using Platforme TaxMode, the shipping address is used for tax calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Platform TaxMode, the shipping address is used for tax calculation.
```

> When using Composable Commerce TaxMode, the shipping address is used for tax calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Platforme TaxMode, the shipping address is used for tax calculation.
```
